It's too stingy with my time. No, that's good. If I
had my life like a cat, I would say, fine, what do you
want me to do? Go to Europe for two years, three
years, spend more time in labor camps, slave
labor. Okay, then I'll come back the next life, got
another one, I'll do something different. You
know, you only have one and... I
was already
told what to do long enough,
much too long. I had started out
pretty good as a student and then at work it was just
terrible. It took me four years to survive. And, of
course, in the early parts, remember, there was no
Europe to speak of. It was just devastating.
Because, you know, the Soviet zone was probably
out after about 1952 or 1953. By that time, you were
in such bad terms with the Russians. Yeah, but I
didn't read the paper that much. And politics, I
had it up to here. Right. So you stayed away from the
paper, and you stayed away from... I read it, but it
didn't really, you know, I... I wasn't... I wasn't
going to let anybody make a decision over my life
when I had taken my life into my hands already. And
why should I give it back to some clown and tell me we
have now a directive and I can't help it, I'm only a
little bureaucrat, it comes from above, You must
do this, that, and the other. Forget it. Do your
thing. I do mine. I
just never could see it. I know it doesn't sound
very law-abiding. It's kind of outside the law.
But there has to be a higher law that you can live
your own life and not have to be sent all over the
world. Were you that bothered in the same way when
you were drafted and they were saying, now this is
what you're going to have to do? Was it the same
sense of, don't tell me what to do, or was it weaker
back then? Well, I have to admit in those days, you
know, we do have a lot of, we're into the military,
the Germans are, and being from part of Prussia,
you know, they have a lot of military traditions,
so I have to admit, you know, okay, I do my stuff. And
in those days, they were doing this kind of blitz
thing they were going in and no more battles this is
it we're just going to do this and that and the other
and people were coming from Hungary I met some real
nice girls from Budapest came to tennis
tournaments you know I mean it was a whole new world
was opening up people from Poland would come in so
it was a kind of a different Europe say Well, did the
attitude that it was okay then last through the
period that you were still officially free, you
know, even up through the classical, or was there a
point that you became annoyed with having them
tell you, now you go here, now you go there, now you
retreat? Absolutely. Absolutely. It probably,
it just built up, you know, from the time, of
course, the war, the actual battle experience
started it, you know, because that's, that's, you
know, sleeping in a foxhole, digging in a foxhole
every other night. I mean, that's just enough to
drive you crazy. And then we were taken prisoner.
We just went from one camp to another in North
Africa, and that went on for months and months and
months. And in this country, we transferred them
months and months, and, you know, just constantly
being moved. I'd rather move on my own and not have
anybody tell me where to go. I have to move or stay or
starve. If I want to starve, I can starve. It was
interesting what you just said. Since you said
you've got hives, every time she said it, it's time
to move. Yeah. So it wasn't that it was your choice
then. I think that's probably quite accurate. The
actual moving doesn't bother me. It's probably
when I'm ready to move. But she was ready to move,
so... So you didn't get the hives when you hopped
the train back to the Texas border to try and go
across or
anything like that? So some of it probably is
pretty hard to understand from a law-abiding,
citizen viewpoint, you know? I hear that all the
time. I get that message. I even got it from my
nieces. Why didn't you, you know? it's except my
dear wife never pushes me on that particular point
that that is that freedom believe it or not as I have
more freedom as a fugitive than I probably ever
will have in my life I have no number nobody can
reach me you know if I as long as I pay now I have of
course a number I pay into it now they're getting
everything already crisscrossed with computers
yes and I you know but in In those early days, I was
totally free. I was still, I could have been
drafted to the Korean War. I didn't have to go to the
Korean War, and so on. It's just an incredible...
How did you, could you have been drafted? Did you
get a sort of selective service card or something?
Or had you become a citizen at that point? I could
have. I'm not following it. Had you become a
citizen of the United States? Had you not been a
fugitive citizen? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I could have
been probably drafted. I was only in my, what, 30s,
maybe. Yeah, you could have. I was in the
borderline, her brother. Did you ever consider
getting citizenship? Yeah, I would like to. There
was a way, you know, a way without having to go
through the, as I understand it, you know, the, The
jail and the deportation and all that kind of
stuff. That's not going to happen. Nobody's
moving anywhere until it's pinned down. Hopes
were really high for a while there when they
started about general pardon for these illegal
aliens, but it's all stopped again, you know, so
that you wouldn't have to go through this and just,
you know, come out of that. That I would do, you see.
If some emperor would say, OK, I'm going to pardon
these people and we start fresh and get this
paperwork done, I don't remember how. Wouldn't it
be nice when you get a letter from the Attorney
General's office in Washington saying that...
I'm pardoned. ...Georg Gettner, a.k.a. Peter
Peterson, a.k.a. Dennis Wiles, no outstanding
wants, warrants, no charges. All charges have
been dropped. may apply for citizenship at any
opportunity. Signed, Edwin Meese, Attorney
General.
I don't think it's that far off. No, I don't think
it's that far off. Well, it's the fats and the fire,
so...
Oh, I don't think that there's... But it's not up to
me anymore, so... Well, it still is. It still is up
to you. It's still up to you until the moment
you decide to do whatever you want to do. Because
you can say... I can do it. I want to do it. It's
just... Because you always know that you can
change your name and disappear in a matter of
moments. Nobody will ever hear from you. And you
could go any place and be anybody again. I think,
Arnie, I think those days will pass too. I think
that's behind me, I'm afraid. It's like my skiing
days are behind me. It's not afraid at all. I think
it's a very healthy sign. It's like the
caterpillar that sheds its skin and comes out a
butterfly. I think it's a very real... That's a
nice way to describe it. Yeah, I think so. I think
it's... I did shed my skin, and I go, that's very
good. Yeah, and the butterfly that's underneath
comes out. Yeah, that's true. It's not something
that... A child, you can push and nag and hit, but
it's not going to walk until all the skills are in
place, and it stands up and takes a few steps. And I
think it's the same thing with changes like this.
like with changing from peter peterson to dennis
wilds there's a point in which it is necessary to
shed the skin the snake skin and move to the next
stage and i think this is exactly you must be
comfortable growing comfortable with it yeah
otherwise you wouldn't yeah be willing to shed
your skin for the next stage
because you know that nothing's going to happen
first you can always disappear and you can always
just uh become George Glotz and disappear. That's
the enemy.
There's no... I don't see any difficulty at all in
any case. You're not making a move until
everything is pinned down.
I don't... You're not put in jeopardy at all?
You know, it's... I've got a post office box
number, and you can disappear at any time. So don't
feel that you're on a train that's got no way to get
off. But I think it's nice to stay on.
Well, now that I've found my family in Germany,
things have changed in that respect. I didn't
think I had any left.
And Jane is very supportive in everything. I'll
bet people will contact you for psychological
studies of fugitive years. Agencies may come to
you to find out how to tighten up their procedures
to keep illegal aliens out. I have a feeling that
you're... Because you have an experience that
nobody else has. You're the longest running FBI
fugitive. And they told that to me with a little
awe. It was Bill Tribble who was there. Do you know,
he said, that your man is the longest future on the
FBI list? We've never had anybody that's been out
for 38 years. No, they haven't. he would
love you
to
call he
would love you to call
Yes,
I understand that, but he's not going to trace
anything. He will be the first one I call. That's
got to be well coordinated. Not because they have
any plans. They don't. But they don't want to be
caught unaware. The best way to befriend the
authorities is to make sure that they know It's
what they can say if they are called and asked. And
that everybody has to, we have to get the ducks in
the right line before we shoot. Get all the ducks in
a row. Oh, yes. Oh,
sure. Everybody has to move at the same time. And
then all it's going to be is, that's the
protection. is that everything, there can't be
any slippage, behind the scenes injustices or
anything like that. And like I said, you might get
sued by 75 people whose names are Dennis Wilds. You
may get...
Letters from the Jewish Defense League? Could be
anything. Did you cover that while it was gone
yesterday or the day before you asked how did you
come up with the name Dennis Walz? Yeah, we covered
that. Yeah, we did too. Like I say, I have nothing
but good feelings toward my friend
Herb Lipkin who taught me everything about
business and made business an interesting thing,
which is more than anybody else could have done.
But I never thought about being a businessman in a
sense. But he made it fun in a very personal manner.
I've loved it ever since. And then you bumped into
her client. Yeah. No, actually, her client
before. I see. And, well... Bill Klein, yeah, and
they were strictly skiing and all I had to do was be a
good skier and a good instructor and that he didn't
get any complaints from the students and stay away
from these rich girls. You asked me to remind you to
tell the story about Peddler Hill. I didn't tell
the Peddler Hill story. Oh, Peddler Hill. I'd
forgotten that little place that when I was, I
thought I did, I think we may have that on the tape.
Tell me two or three things about it. I was looking
for a place where I could have my own ski school. And
I found that place called Peddler Hill in the Gold
Country in the National Forest. And with a couple
of rope tours. And the owner of this place, and I
can't think of his name right now, but he was a very
little short guy, very feisty, cute little
fellow, gray hair. Well, he wasn't that old in
those days, probably, but he was older than I was.
And a very lively fellow. And he says, sure, we need
a guy here. You can get your sign up there and open
your ski school. And he just finished a little
lodge, and just dormitories, women and men, and a
bar. Was
it Sonora that was wide open gambling? You had to go
through Pedley Hill. Is that Sonora? Yeah,
Sonora. Yeah, Silver Lake is about it. It's a Kit
Carson Pass. It's one of the passes that goes over.
Kit Carson Pass. And Sonora, a really old town,
they were gambling in red light districts when I
was there. Excellent food, wide open town. We had
to go through Sonora to get to that. Jackson? Was it
Jackson, not Sonora? Jackson. Jackson was a town,
a wide open town. And the Filipino and the farm
laborers would come and support the gambling and
the rest of it. And
so one day, on a Sunday afternoon, I had one
student. Everybody was going, driving home. It
was very close to Oakland. This gal student I had
was a doctor, psychiatrist, a young lady,
probably in her late 20s, early 30s. And she said,
all of a sudden, out of the clear blue sky, she says,
Dennis, I want you to stay with me because Mr.
so-and-so, I can't think of his name, has been
making passes at me. She's been there all week. She
was going to stay another week. And I was kind of
leery of that. That's kind of a strange thing. I
can't believe that. He's married. He's got his
wife there. He's got his daughter there. He's got
his daughter has a trial. She's divorced, all
right, but she has a boyfriend there. So he's got a
lot of family. He wouldn't go around making
passes. Well, I said, OK. I said, OK, well, let's go
into the bar and have some drinks and go into the
bar. You could see 90 miles to Yosemite. And I guess
we had some dinner, went back to the bar, and he kind
of came around a couple of times wanting to know how
things were. And she kept saying, you know, you've
got to stay with me tonight. It's been coming and
passing. So good old Dennis said, OK. So I sneaked
into the women's dorm. About what year was this?
51,
50, 51. And we waited in the dark. We waited and
waited and just whispered and talked. In the lower
box. In the lower box, right. You've heard the
story before. Today. Oh. And then. I see. Do we get
to see the Polaroids, too? And, my gosh, if we
didn't hear clunk, clunk, clunk. It was a wooden
building, you know, because it was somewhere down
the steps. Well, nobody had any business in the
women's dorm, including myself. Well, sure
enough, here he comes. He comes up to me and looks
around in the dark. He strikes a match, and he sees
me there. You know, he was totally in shock. What
are you doing? Just talking.
Oh, everything all right? Yeah, everything's all
right. And he followed that. So she was right. He
was going to make a pass. But the after thing was, he
was very, his wife started to get mad at me for some
reason, making nasty remarks about me. It's been
hard to get along with them. So one day I said, what
is the problem? And he said, oh, you've been making
passes at our dear customers. And so I said, wait a
minute. Wait a minute. That's not the way the story
goes. He said, we told you that. Your husband told
me. I said, OK. Who told you? Her husband told her. I
was doing things. So I said, well, and I rattled on
him. Oh, she said, well, he's done that before. Oh,
I see. I see. Who was this person we're talking
about? The owner of Peddler Hill. I see. Right. So
that was it. It
was really a good scene if you could see that match.
The two of you lying on the lower bunk, whispering.
Well, you would have clothes on no matter what in
this climate. That's why there's such a small
population up
there. Does that sound reasonable to you? The
other
time,
the other one was the German Countess. The reason I
know that this guy, was making a password because
she had given me the key to her room. So I was in the
room, and they were arguing outside the room
whether he could come in. So I know. So you were
already inside. I was already inside. How did you
get so lucky that you were always inside? I don't
know. Just lucky. You've got to be lucky. Forget
all that other stuff. not to press your advantage?
We don't know whether he pressed his advantage or
not. Yes. See, one of the nice things about an
interview, one of the interesting things about an
interview is that people screen out the things
that they don't want. Yeah, selective. Sure,
sure. And this is going to tell me, yeah, and at that
time I did this and that sleazy, you know, we all do
things.
Well, I was going to I'm working up to getting as
realistic as I can. I really am. I'm trying to...
Because I know it's silly. Of course, nowadays, I
guess they're much more open about these things
anyway. Our code was, father told me, you can do it,
but don't talk about it. Don't talk about her to
anybody about it. That was our code. I grew up with
the same thing. A gentleman does not discuss this
thing. Nor does the lady, actually. We were
struggling with this. The lady wasn't involved in
any of it. Very good. Very good. You're a neck of the
woods. You were the lady if you were involved.
That's good. Let me ask you, who was the first
person that you remember helping you? Was it
Herb Lipkin, or was it Bill Klein, or was it Dennis
Wilds, or was it... Who's the first person you
remember... helping you in some important way.
Migrant years, I think that family that took me in,
the Arkansas family, the Oklahoma family, took me
in and they took me all the way to Oregon for that
apple picking. And I got that job, separate from
them, I got that job on the ranch. But I would have
never gotten up there.
Winter of 45, maybe spring of 46. They, I think they
had a pickup truck or something, sleep in the back.
Transportation. And you, your earnings go to the
gas, you know, to throw in the pot full of food. But
to be taken in and not to be hassled, to have, you
know, they know where, they knew where the jobs
were. I didn't. where to go. I mean, most of the
time, nobody would know that these things,
they're still existing today. Ted Roth is still
being traveled, I'm sure. And they respected your
privacy.
Yeah. Did you know when you first met him that he'd
also been a white reporter? That was all screened
out. That was all screened out. That's another
skin that I shed. You don't remember the name of
that family, that first family? Just Arkansas
family. Yeah,
it was kind of an older man. He had a tooth missing.
And that weathered look, you know, with the
outdoor light, you know, and the cowboy hat and the
woman. Also that weathered look.
Tall folks, small folks? A little bit. He was
fairly tall. He was a little bit, I would say he was
five foot six, eight. I thought he was tall, almost
six feet. And she was probably five foot four.
And they were a very close family, you know. They
were always together, he and she. They were more
than ten feet apart. And that was a good sight, you
know, to see the basic social fabric of a family and
be offered to be part of a family again, you know.
instead of being in the military camp, what have
you. Did they have children? Yeah, they had some
young boys, and then they had this daughter who was
quite pretty, but she had a lot of acne at the time,
unfortunately. She was quite pretty otherwise.
She was probably 18, somewhere in there. They
always made little jokes about her and me, and she
would get blush and run and hide the... They,
wherever we lived, whether it was a motel, a place
that the farmers supply their migrant laborers.
Or labor camps. Labor camps. Oh, I see. They supply
a cabin to the families, you see, free. Or, I don't
know, charge my dad with the rent. But they would
compartment off little bedrooms. These are
one-room shacks usually, kitchen or sink of some
kind. And they'd hang blankets to make the rooms
out of it for their daughters and for themselves. I
remember the time they joked about us, too. You
know, she got all red in the face. threw up the
blanket and disappeared into her little bedroom.
To fantasize, probably, about it being true. Like
I say, she had nice features. Just going through
the age of her acting, you understand. Nice smile,
very sweet. Was there anything between you, any
conversations, special talk? It was more their
jokes, which were just part of the unit. Part of the
unit, and I would just be very quiet and listen and
say yes and thank you. Keep my conversation down to
a minimum. They would try to draw me out and I would
try to respond. But, you know, because my
vocabulary is so limited,
you don't always have the pieces to tell a story.
You have a story, but there's one or two words
missing, and there's no story. You're just stuck.
You can't tell it. Even not to this day. Sometimes a
word doesn't come that would fit into that story.
It makes you mad, you know, you just don't have it
like that. Vocabulary or just general? I see. Even
to this day, I have to rearrange the story again to
talk around it. I do, too. You do that? Sure. I can't
think of the right word. Yeah, I guess it's not
that... Oh, I do it all the time. I still don't think
the picture of the mom and dad in this family, were
they overweight, underweight? He was very lean,
lean body, and I think she was a little more stout.
But no real fat, no. They worked too hard in the
fields and in the trees. They were both very tough,
leathery, and I don't know whether strong people.
And the kids were really nice, lively boys. and I
was kind of, became the oldest boy almost in it,
because I looked fairly young, always, no matter
how old I was, I looked always four, five years
younger than I was, you know. So I was kind of an
older brother to the boys, would play with them or
be interested in what they were doing, which the
parents weren't, you know. So they gave me some
kind of... I found a place in the hierarchy of this
family. That's nice.
What kind of clothes did they wear? Jeans, just
torn jeans.
No, I think they wore dresses in those days. I don't
think they wore jeans.
And the print dresses, very much just... Grapes of
wrath, washed out, all torn, teeth missing,
everybody had some kind of problem, probably
because of the diet, not a balanced diet. This was
close enough to the war years so they may have asked
you what you did during the war. Never came up.
Never came up. If you'd been in the war or sitting
around the table talking about conversations
when people said that they were in the They had not.
He was too old, obviously. His kids were too young.
Did you ever find yourself sitting in a bar where
someone is telling stories about shooting up the
Krauts in 1943? Constantly. Really?
And you've kept not a word about your opinion of
when they mispronounce... Rommel's name or they
mispronounce Luftwaffe or Babel. Surprisingly,
very few of them really said anything bad other
than, I mean bad that would affect me other than
that they would say something.
But it wasn't nearly as bad as the newspapers. The
newspapers were hard to read because of all the
border stories, day after day. It was hard to read.
Who wants to be part of that? Certainly,
certainly. Running with the migrant workers, Did
you ever find yourself badly treated? Were you
robbed, or beaten, or badly treated, or had your
shoes stolen, or things that would happen on a
migrant life?
Very much in those days. They had made it through
the war. Some of them might have gone and made a
little money in the defense plans, maybe. When
they started closing down, they probably had to go
back to their regular lives. So I get the picture of
you during those days as being a loner, being very
quiet, keeping to yourself, attaching yourself
from one group to another, family if possible.
Because I liked the human contact. Yes. You know, I
mean, it was fun to... to sit there in this room
before or after dinner and have boys playing and
yakking away, you know, the older people talking
to themselves and have something going on. What
have
I given up? What have I lost? Pretty, yeah, pretty,
a lot of grief. having lost my family and my home
town and the whole clinic was very very hard to
overcome and that's why I try to read all these
books to make sure that my head stays straight on
and that I you know there must be some other there
must be some way of getting over this, this cannot,
you know, go on forever to, to weep over your
family, the loss of your family, the loss of your,
everything you've ever known and had,
you know. So it, it, you, then you read stories that
had happened to other people, not just me, Not just
the Germans. It happened to other nationalities.
And it just got better. Of course, as time went on,
it went all over the world. It never stopped.
Somebody has the same problem as I have. So I have
you going up to, leaving Deming, then going to,
taking the train to the West Coast. looking for a
port, searching out a ship, finding yourself with
this family. The family took you up for the season
for the... Apple. Apple up to Medford, Oregon. The
apple season wasn't ready yet because this had to
be still early spring. And on the weather, yeah.
Weather. Then they put you to work on the logs,
cutting the logs. The part of the axe hurt your leg.
They took you to the hospital. You left early. And
then you decided to go down to Mexico and see if you
could cross over there. I probably went to San
Francisco then to make some money. So I had to have
another stake and another new plan.
And try another way out, probably. So after one
season, then you gave it to try crossing the
Mexican border. Yeah. You are Peter Peterson.
Yeah, I think I still was. Peter Peterson, you went
down to try to get across the Mexican frontier,
changed your mind when you saw the dark side and all
it represented or didn't represent. And then you
turned around and did the self-inflicted
amputation. Now you're not going to go across the
border. You are committing yourself to staying in
the country and just laying low. And making a life.
To simply get on with my life. As a life. I mean, you
know, on a day-to-day basis. To create a fairly
decent day, day after day. String the days, the
good days together. And then you joined up with
Dennis Wiles. Did the San Joaquin Valley. And then
when you were doing 47. On toward 48. When you, as
Peter Peterson, 48 to 49, I see that you spent one
season with... She has a... I think that would help
a little bit. It would help you in a certain way. Oh,
good. For instance, I don't remember what I did for
the Central Lumber Company. This was in 19...
Here's what I heard from the general. I must have
had a part-time job. The 47
shows Clinton Cafeteria
and Sugar Bowl. It shows a lot. The 47. $411.
Central Library Company stocked it in 1947. The
Wonder was a department store, and I was a window
decorator. And that didn't last very long. So you
were already... Dennis Wiles, because you had
your own social security number, if they better
survive. Yeah, yeah. So Dennis Wiles. I told you to
run out and get the social security card. Who did?
Clinton. Why didn't Clinton? Here's Clinton,
1947. We've got nothing earlier, so that must have
happened. Yeah, so they probably said, no, you've
got to have one. Here's the paper, fill it out, and
I'll come back in a half hour, pick it up, or
something like that. Boom, you're on duty. So you
just fill it out. Right, right.
It wasn't all that long. I thought there was no
time. And I have no idea what it is, but I can't
remember who incorporated it. Stanford
suggested it. No, Stanford, Connecticut. That's
Connecticut.
Yeah, that's an insurance group. I don't know if
you might have heard of the home base. They may be
there, yeah, because I wasn't. I've been to
Connecticut a lot. Yeah.
50.
I
worked up there, but as an independent. I didn't
work for Bill anymore, I worked for myself. 50, 51,
52. 52 was a train thing. 53,
I think I stayed a couple more years after that
before I quit that skiing business. So that would
make it 54, and that's probably... We don't have
those 54 ones, do we? The rest of it, up to date, do
we? All of them, or we didn't request them? Yeah,
because then it would show, when I went to work for
Bill Klein, I mean for Herb Lipkin, would have to be
54-55. So you stopped paying Social Security tax
after 54? No. No. Well, it's
just on a different
sheet. Yeah. It just doesn't show the employers.
They should
probably remember in those later years. Yeah, I'm
not sure. I'm saying some of those years where they
would just report the minutes . I think you could .
And I worked for, in 1949, for the Carter-Hawley
stores, Haley stores, on Broadway stores in Los
Angeles. That was when I taught tennis there and
briefly worked for that department store. And I
was, they were terrifying me, those stores with
the bells, and I just felt inadequate in my job. I
did not feel that I could really function or do what
I was doing. These other things were just
interfering. Everything was driving me crazy in
these places.
I mean, they're lovely places, these stores, but I
couldn't relax. I was nervous as a cat.
You never had any response to World War II movies,
the Holocaust series on television, or the movie
The Desert Fox. I remember with James Mason. I may
have seen parts of it. But you didn't gravitate
toward those movies to see how they were
portraying what you did or that you were doing. You
stayed away from them for particular reasons? No,
I didn't want to go backwards on those.
I really got into this self-healing process. And
if you want to heal yourself, you cannot go back to
scratch your scab, your wound, constantly. It
won't heal. And I try to do this with the kids when
they get in, raising kids. Get them going on the
positive and string the good days together. Don't
louse it up with bad vibes. If you can help it,
you're going to get them. You're going to get your
bad vibes whether you want to or not. What hobbies
did you do? Painting, I know. Did you develop any
other hobbies? Oh, yeah. Which is what kind of
painting? Did you use different media? Did you
have specific paper subjects? Well, now that you
mention it, Candy, at first I really went into
inventing things because I needed to make money.
And I wanted to make more money and, you know, more
and more money. So I invented things. Like in Los
Angeles, so now I know what year it was, 1949. In Los
Angeles, I remember I saw all these convertibles
and they were always open and people would have
things stolen or they would have problems in the
paper. It didn't look right to me. So I came up and I
said, well, that's easy enough. And I thought, a
roll-top desk and I thought, you know, why don't we
just get a roll-top type desk that disappears in
the back and you just grab it and you pull it up and it
locks in the front and keeps the sun off your seat
and you can have your packages in there. Like a
window shade almost. Like a window shade with
little slats, you know. So that it could roll up,
yeah. Out of wood maybe. whatever. And so I made up
little drawings and I make up these drawings and
send them to General Motors and two or three months
later you get them back unopened. We do not solicit
outside ideas. We have our own research
department. So and constantly I would have these
things and some of them I would copyright and Some
of them I even tried to get patents on, hoping to
find something that would make me some money so I
wouldn't have to work for other people. I noticed
you put a copyright C on the cover that you drew for
the kitchen.
I got into copyright laws and patent laws, trying
to come up with something.
I invented that toy, and then I got into the
baseball toy, and then the aluminum tennis
racket, which was going to make me rich. But I was
ten years too early. I did all the pioneer work,
calling on these people and they were calling me
crazy. So I learned a lot about the mystery of the
American marketplace. How it functions or how it
does not function. And it did help me later on
because I did get into marketing and I was more
successful with marketing for Morris & Knudsen
than I was because I had the The searching ability,
you know, how to search out your... If I have a
product, I can do something with it. But I was
trying to do too much. I was inventing a new product
and upsetting people by replacing wooden tennis
racket, which, of course, I didn't realize. You
cannot threaten an industry by replacing their
product. But I didn't know that. And I didn't know
that Wilson does not make any tennis rackets.
Wilson buys tennis rackets.